I want to exchange my daughter for Ouhe's daughter
Ou and you have beaten me for life
Then you can help me raise my daughter
I want my daughter to be spoiled and loved by you
Your daughter has suffered all her life
Xiaoxi
Why are you here all of a sudden?
Yeah.
Just come and see
What's your trouble?
Did Madam bully you?
Xiaoxi, we are in Mengjia after all
Solid wood terms bully me
lady
How come?
Lady, this child has always been kind
You are too stubborn
You apologize to him mom
Am I your daughter?
Why don't you ask what happened?
It must be my fault, you
You child
What nonsense are you saying?
I'm going to work.
You rest
Hey you
Sorry.
The paternity test results of you and Ms. Jiang show that
You are not a mother-daughter relationship
The child has been exposed
If Liu Xinhan knew
Four Seasons Hotel is not me either
He will never let me go
I can't admit it.
Mu Shuyu, you are so brave
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Four Seasons Hotel that night
Is the woman in my bed you?